Why are you here?
Xiaoxue is sick
acute leukemia
He needs a bone marrow transplant
What does his illness have to do with us?
Let him marry a rich man and die
I have to marry you, poor man
He should be alive
You deserve it
And I said, "Don't stop."
I'm going to work, right?
Get as far away from my house as possible
Dad?
Mom, you have a show to hit me
Xiaoxue is your daughter after all
We don't have such a daughter
Go away I don't want to see you
roll
Can your ears move?
I won't let you go in vain
Go for a trial match and I'll give 50,000
As long as the match is successful
I'll give you 300,000 after the bone marrow transplant
You are so poor that you almost beg for food
You 50,000 300,000
Are you fooling the ghost?
50,000 block
I'll give it to you now.
No matter what the match is
As long as you go
Mom, there's a bowl
Let's say first that if the matching is unsuccessful
How can I refund this money?
No need to go backwards
Let's try it